starts also known as that Jesus is my beloved group.
Amen.
Are you excited to be in church today?
Prophet is back home and I can learn if you look home in the presence of God.
for at least one Sunday and we are blessed to have him back.
And God is already here.
The presence of God, touch your name and say God is already here.
The presence of God is already here.
Now tend to another person and proper sex and tell them your life is about to change.
God is about to speak to you.
It's your time for America.
It's your time for a breakthrough.
The perfect is here for you.
And if you believe it, and if you're excited, give the Lord a shout of praise.
Nothing is impossible when you put your heart in your heart.
Lift your hands and sing it.
Nothing is impossible when you trust it in its world.
Is there anything too hard for me?
That put your trust in God alone and rest upon Him?
Come on, church declare everything!
Let me hear you sing!
Yes, everything is possible!
Every hand lived it, every voice lived it!
Come on, let's sing it again!
Nothing is impossible when you put
Oh, trust in God Look at your secrets that they say Nothing is impossible When you're trust in His Word Now tell your sickness How come to the voice of God to me?
Is there anything too hard?
Come on, every hand lift it And pull your trust in God alone And rest upon His Word Now lift one hand like this for everything
Oh, everything, yes, everything is personal with God.
God, come on, that is Him.
Give us first love, squeeze.
Hallelujah.
Let us pray.
Father, which art in heaven?
Thank you for this opportunity.
We ask you to speak to our hearts and bless us in this time we are together.
Thank you for your blessing.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
All right.
You may be seated.
Hallelujah.
What a blessing to be here.
We're excited to be back from Botswana.
And the Lord blessed us over there.
Now today, I want us to focus on the approaching swollen Sunday with Jesus as our theme.
Amen.
So please settle down those working around.
We are focusing on the work that we have to do.
Amen.
Now, the work of God is complex.
It's more complicated than you may imagine.
So it involves
many things that we are supposed to do before we even reach out.
Hallelujah.
And those are some of the things we are sharing about today.
I believe next week's Sunday is also supposed to be honor your profit.
But ours is going to be after that.
Yeah.
I want everybody to listen to, instead of preaching about it myself, I want you to listen to the, we had a pastor's conference in Botswana in Haborone.
The last session on, I preached a little, I'm sure about just under an hour on those who honor you from my new book.
just the chapter one.
So that little session, I believe, is what I want everybody to listen to, rather than me preaching about it today and Sunday, amen.
But I just want to say something in John 1627 about that before we move on to what I want to really talk about.
John 16 verse 27.
It says, for the Father Himself loveth you because you have loved me and believed that I came out from God.
Amen.
The Father Himself loveth you because you have loved me and believed
that I came out from God.
Amen.
And then the next verse says, I came forth from the Father and I'm coming to the world.
Again, I leave the world and go to the Father.
All right.
But if you notice there's 27, it says, the Father himself loveth you because you have loved me and have believed that I came out from God.
Now, when it comes to love,
loving somebody or loving God or God loving you.
One of the things that you is mysterious about God is why he loves somebody.
Are you with me?
Why God love?
Well, let's say David, David, King David.
a man after God's hat, all right?
Why would David be called a man after God's hat?
Because you see, David killed Uriah, the hitite, indirectly.
There are people who do things indirectly, but they are still doing it, all right?
You may do it indirectly, but you are still the one doing it.
And then also, he killed and then he married the wife.
I've not really read any story of any pastor in the world who has done that before, but I'm sure it has happened.
But David did that.
And he was called a man after God's own heart.
Do you see him?
So how many would agree with me that it's quite mysterious
how God loves people.
Do you see?
Hello, hello, are you there?
Are you listening to me?
Yeah.
So, what we need to do is find out reasons why God loves people.
And this scripture that I'm just sharing is giving us a reason why God loves some people.
What do you think?
Is it not a nice verse to find?
Yeah, it is saying that the Father loves you because the English word because is an important word because it's saying the reason why God loves you is because you have loved me.
And you see, not only that,
This is beautiful because this is for any minister and have believed that I came out from God, which is the problem with every man of God, that do you really believe that this person is coming from God to you?
Are you with me?
Yes.
Are you really believing that this person is coming from God to you?
Most people don't believe that.
It's really coming from God.
Because if they did, they would behave in a certain way.
Are you with me?
Because you have believed that I came out from God.
This you can take home with you as a good memory vest.
That when God sends somebody and you love the person, it's a reason for God loving you.
It's a reason for God loving you.
And then number two,
When you believe that the person came from God is another reason for God loving you.
Because we don't really know why God loves people.
Why do you love this and not this?
Why do you say certain things about certain people?
One of the things is when God sends somebody, like He sends Jesus into this world.
And how does this capture relate to us?
Because Jesus said, as the Father has sent me, so send are you.
So a person who is sent, is sent in the same way that Jesus was sent.
As the Father has sent me, so send are you.
So when you love someone whom God has sent, right, you can provoke this verse that God loves you because you love someone whom God has sent.
So let that scripture be in your heart.
Is it that's why you shouldn't
Say anything negative about anybody.
So when you see a man of God far away, you can easily criticize something about the person because you are not in the person's church or you don't even know why the person is doing what he's doing.
But you find that you be surprised that God actually did send the person.
And so loving the person
can provoke God's love for you.
And then number two, believing that the person has sent is coming from God.
And I believe that because those of you who are in the younger brackets loved me, that is why God sent me to you.
Yes, mysteriously.
Amen.
I believe it.
I believe that that is why God sent me here about eight years ago.
So here we are again and God will be showing his love for you and to you because you love a person that he sent.
So we talk about honor.
Honor.
Those who honor you, right?
You see, honor is a subset of love.
Honor is a subset of love.
When a man loves a lady, he honors her.
If you are wedded, if you are taken for a wedding,
There are some people who will marry you, but they will never do a wedding.
Wedding, no way.
Married, but no wedding.
And there are some people who will marry you who will not even sign anything.
Yes.
And there are some people who will marry you, but who will not even, will not even do a
engagement.
They'll just do knocking.
Yes.
And some people will marry you without even doing knocking.
Honor yourself.
One day I saw a lady who had a very bad marriage.
And at that time, I didn't understand that a wedding is to give honor to a woman.
So in the midst of the quarrels, she tested her husband to do a wedding.
Now, I was confused.
Why are you trying to do a wedding for a man you are complaining about?
Almost every day is a bad person.
But why do you want the wedding?
It was later that I understood, I thought that we were celebrating love.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, this is not the celebration of love.
It is the honor that is being done, the lady that she wanted.
So the wedding was done with the man that she had.
I mean, when you talk about a complaining person who is not happy or impressed with the husband, this was a classic case.
Hey, but the wedding came on and there she was matching.
I saw her matching myself with my eyes, matching in whites.
with the complete, with the first accused standing by his side.
But it was not a celebration of love.
It was an honor in her.
Something she had not had.
And she wanted to be honored.
Anyway, I'm saying all this to say that if a man does a wedding for you, he has honored you.
That's my point.
You get it.
And I am saying that honor is a subset of love.
He honest you because he loves you.
When I had a wedding, when I did a wedding, I did it for my wife.
Because she knows weddings.
I don't know weddings.
She knows all these things.
She knows what it is.
She knows
The meaning, and I knew by that time that it was also honoring her.
So I did everything that I could to make a wedding memorable, not marriage wedding.
There are different experiences.
There are two different things.
And then 10 years after,
being married.
I did another one to honor her again.
Not for me.
Me, I'm not that type.
I'm not that type.
If I want to celebrate something, that's not how I would do it.
Have you ever seen me going to rent a hotel somewhere to have a party, a 40th birthday, 50th birthday?
That is not my style.
I appreciate that style, but it's not my style.
I celebrating another way.
There are other ways of celebrating.
You don't do everything.
Yes.
Are you tired?
Yeah.
So what I'm saying is that the wedding is an honor done to you or done to you.
And you must accept.
So I'm saying that honor is a subset of love.
Like when you love somebody, part of the things you do to the person is honor.
And even respect.
It's just like loyalty.
People think that loyalty is like some rules that you follow.
If you know, you be cast.
No.
Loyalty is a subset of love.
Yes.
It's a subset of love.
If you love someone, you'll be faithful to her.
Or him.
Are you there?
Yes.
So both for honor and loyalty, they are subsets of love.
which is the big thing when it comes to saving God.
God is love and everything about God is love.
So all these things, when you mention loyalty or honor, there are subsets of love.
And when people are deeply in love, they say, I'll be faithful to you to the end.
Let only death
separate us.
But when the love is low, who?
I'm not thinking about dying.
Thinking about something else.
So love is the basis for honor.
Yes.
You may take an envelope
and give me an offering, but you don't love me.
Yes.
You know, one day I went somewhere to preach.
And when I finished preaching, this is not a...
I'm not preaching yet.
I'm talking to you about...
Yes, I'm talking to you about honoring.
Okay?
Do you understand the discussion?
I said, one day I went somewhere to preach.
When I finished preaching, I forgot what I did.
I either took an offering or whatever for the church.
And when I came back to the car, my car, I think, was a black car.
And I sat in the car.
Somebody was driving.
When I closed the door, I said to myself, I will never come back to this church again.
Yes.
Because the pastor does not
value what I have come here to do.
Now, as soon as I said that, there was a knock on the door.
And then the pastor was standing there.
As soon as I said that to myself, the pastor was saying, so I opened the door.
And then there he was with an envelope and whatever.
You know, I wanted to even throw the envelope out.
Yes.
I can explain the rest of the circumstances.
I'm just explaining the path I can explain.
Yes.
I also gave him a smile.
It was giving me a fake smile.
I gave him a fake smile.
Ona is not money.
There is that aspect too.
That aspect exists.
That's why the Bible says honor the Lord with thy substance.
Because there are people who talk, talk, talk, talk.
You know, one day I was talking to somebody, someone advised me, you know.
I was talking to the person for help, you see.
And the person, hello?
The person advised me that this man doesn't help, but he will talk.
But he will not help.
Yes.
I don't know to say who the person is, but the person
Hello?
The person advised me, and I didn't believe it.
I said, oh, based on the relationship and the relation, the person will help because he can see.
That is a real thing that is needed.
But you see, the person who was advising was experienced because have also been at the person's messy many times and the person did not help.
He said, no, this one, he would sit down with you for
45 minutes to go through it, but he would never lift a finger to help.
But what the person loves and respects, he will lift more than, that's when you see money.
And truly, after all my discussion, the person only gave advice.
So at that point, you see that the person got up to this point.
sometimes people marry, then you're in loss.
They may even say, there are some in-laws who say, don't use the word in law.
Don't use the word word in law.
You are not an in-law, you are part of the, I mean you are part of the, don't say that, don't say you are the
Son in law, father in law, mother in law, child in law, no.
You're part of us, you're part of the family.
Now, the person who says you are not, you are not an in law, but you are a real bonafide, whatever.
You are not an outlaw, or you are in law, whatever.
That person, when they make a WhatsApp group of the children, you see that you are not in that WhatsApp group.
If you are actually part of the real part of the, how come you are not part of the WhatsApp group?
Yes, that's where you see that you are in law.
And out law.
Or if there is inheritance, you see that the children will be mentioned.
This child, this child, and you see that your inheritance is equal to 0.00.
That's why you see that you are not a child.
I don't even know how I got into all this.
What's the topic?
Love.
Yes, honor, layout.
Honor with substance, yeah.
When you see that you got zero, that's when you see that you are not part of that family.
Yes.
So at a point, substance matters to prove that you are part.
And the absence of the substance, like they say in law, what is the consideration has passed?
money has gone, that it buys you.
You are not included.
Yes.
Are you there?
So there is a point where when you don't honor with substance, it's like your, your, your, your, your speech is nothing.
Yes.
Your speech is nothing.
No speaking, speaking.
Speaking, yes, you're correct in my English when I'm preaching.
So now tell the person sitting next to you.
At a point when you don't bring substance, your friendship is not proper.
That's why, yes.
No, that is why when I let sign the song, I don't know when you saw, be nice, be nice, spend some money.
At the point where you don't spend money, you may have a lot of words, but no money at all.
Let's be serious.
The speech is enough.
We need some actions.
A man was never bought a dress for your wife before.
Not beloved.
I'm not talking about beloved.
Beloved, don't buy anything for hell.
Don't buy anything.
When you buy things, you are going to make the relationship much realistic.
Yes!
Don't buy anything!
This modern girls who you have to give money buy this, buy this, buy this, but before you see that you are loved.
It's not a correct relationship.
Any relationship which is based strongly on money, it's not a good relationship.
You watch and see.
And you're not lost.
I don't have relationship with people based on money.
I don't believe in that.
No.
Those of you who have gone to contract beloveds and every time you have to go spend money, do this, buy this, buy shoes, where do you learn a shoe size of a girl?
Is that what shows that you have love?
Relate and talk and relate with the person.
Then we see that you have love.
What is this?
Buy and face.
You are become materialistic in your love.
Let's have real love.
Real love is not based on money.
Money is just an addition which comes at a point.
Huh?
How do you know her size?
And a good brother, when you see that dress, you should not know, but I used to see dress as, ah, it's so flat.
How does it fit?
You don't even know how it works.
So, I am just saying, please, I'm just, this is not a preaching, I'm talking about on now.
Honor is a subset of love.
Loyalty of faithfulness, trust is a subset of love.
Yes.
So, John 16, 27, as well as started from, the Father Himself loves you because you have loved me.
So, loving God's servant
It's important for you because it makes God like you.
And I believe one of the reasons why God has loved me is the many, many of his sevens whom I have loved.
Yes.
I've loved many of his sevens.
One day I wrote a letter to Yongitro and he told me that he would never forget what I have said.
I tell you, he wrote back.
I can show you the letter.
He said, I will never forget your stance in this time.
I'll never forget.
I was surprised.
I mean, when I said it, I never thought, however, here, get any response.
It didn't matter to me, but I did it.
Yeah, but he wrote back.
Yes.
I've had more than one man of God tell me, I will never forget.
So,
The Father Himself loves you because you love me and have believed that I came from God.
That belief is wonderful.
Because yeah, what am I?
I'm just a normal person.
My legacy has been playing me as a mother.
There's nothing special about me.
To believe that I came from God is a wonderful thing.
Yes.
So this is important.
And God notices those who are like that, amen?
All right, so honor your prophet is actually a subset of those who love you don't have to tell them to honor.
It's because people are not directed properly that it has been instituted.
Yes.
Otherwise, you don't even need anybody to tell you honor.
No, I've never read any book, those who honor you, or even been told to honor any man or girl for all the people that have honored over the years.
Yeah.
Hallelujah.
Beautiful.
So God is going to bless you, ask you, learn to do what is important.
Amen.
Now, today I want to
very briefly share with you from my book on the mega church on permanent being a permanent church member.
Yes, what it means to be a permanent church member.
Or if you want one word, permanence.
Amen.
Now, permanence
You see, permanence is yet again one of those subsets of, it's a subset of faithfulness, which is a subset of loyalty, which is a subset of love.
Are you listening to me?
So, permanence is a very, very, very important subject.
Now, how many of you
would like me to inform you that I'll be leaving the first love church very soon.
Yeah.
You wouldn't like that, isn't it?
Why wouldn't you like that?
Now, you see now, that is what it's like when I also hear that you'll be leaving soon.
Permanence is a two-way affair.
You want me to be permanent.
You want me to be always here whether you come or you don't come.
You want me to be around, whether you are here, whether you are not here.
Whether you don't come for three months, you want after three months when you come, you want me to be here.
But some of you are not permanent.
So, permanence, it's faithfulness.
Faithfulness, the Bible says a faithful man who can find.
Who can where can you get a faithful or permanent person?
A faithful man who can find.
Amen?
A faithful man who can find or a permanent man who can find.
Now to have a mega church,
You need permanent people.
Now, over the years, as I have traveled, I want to give two examples.
One example is in South Africa, and one example is in Malaysia.
Now, these two churches have visited over some years.
Over the years,
as I've been going to those churches.
I have gotten to know the people in those churches.
To the point where it's like going to the church, apart from the senior pastor, I know all the people that are in the church.
I mean, when I say people, I mean the pastors.
In fact, a particular church in Malaysia
are preaching so many places in Malaysia.
But a particular church in Malaysia, they have a pastor Richard.
They have a pastor Peter.
They have a pastor.
Every one of the people that we have, they have a Steve.
They have a pastor Steve.
Pastor Steve is the one who takes me to the airport.
They have a pastor Peter who handles their books.
They have a pastor.
They have Richard.
They have a pastor Richard.
Everybody, everybody we have, they have one.
And it's always there.
Yeah, amazing.
Yes, I've been, have gone by.
I've seen all of them.
And that is the characteristic of a church that works, is that the people are permanent.
Now, you see, many of you young people, you will not know the importance of permanence till you grow.
As you grow, you see, you find the use of somebody changes.
You know, my relevance to you will change as the years go by.
But you may not know what it will be relevant for you for at a different stage of your life.
I don't know if you understand.
Yes, because you may say the present is relevant because you may not even know that it's paying your school fees.
Then what you know is that the person is whipping you.
But then later you may find the person's relevance for something else.
And the relevance of the relationship changes up until you die.
But you wouldn't know when you are short-sighted.
So as having a permanent relationship,
is critical for your life and for the life of the church.
Just as you don't want me to live here in the next few, whatever, I also don't want to hear that you are living in the next few, whatever.
Yes.
Hello.
Are you looking at me?
Are you looking at the screen?
I'm here.
Hello.
Those of you who are looking at the screen.
I'm here.
Wow, you see this screen, we are going to have nicer ones.
Very beautiful ones.
Keep watching.
Amen.
So it's very, very important that you learn the master keys of permanence.
Being a permanent church member
of the first love church.
Even this church, as short as it has been, some of you will realize that from the time that you were part of it till now, so many things have happened and so many things have developed.
You get what I'm saying, that it changes in its relevance to you.
But if you are short-sighted, you may say, oh, I just, I don't want to hurt the church.
And then after that, it doesn't matter.
So ladies and gentlemen, God is teaching us today about the importance of you deciding to be a permanent, there are about 6,000 people here, but God wants you to discuss an individual to be a permanent person.
Nothing can move you.
You know?
When Jesus was going to the cross, he told the Father in his prayer, Father, all the people you gave me are permanent, except one.
Do you see?
Of all that thou has given me, John 17, I have lost none.
save the son of tradition.
But even that one, even that person that I lost, it was because of the scripture.
Even the one person, it was not because I was a good leader, or I didn't preach about permanence, but it was because it's just like a prophecy.
There are some things that must happen.
Are you with me?
Yes.
If you look at Revelation chapter 4, verse 1, Revelations.
Now, after this, I look up.
Are you with me?
Are you looking at scriptures?
I look up and behold, a door was opened in heaven.
And the first voice which I had was as it were of a trumpet talking
with me, amazing.
Which said, come up hither, and I will show thee things which must be.
They must happen.
There are things which must happen.
And when Jesus lost one member, you get it.
He said, because if you read John, I think 13 or so, he said that the scripture might be fulfilled, that he that has eaten bread with me.
I mean, those type of scripture, they are scary.
Anybody who eats bread with you, you know, if you think of it, that the person can be Judas is scary.
But you see, you cannot be a Judas unless you eat bread.
with us.
Yes, you have to be close.
So, if you are not close, you are safe from becoming Judas.
You can never be Judas.
I mean, so maybe it's also a reason to not be close.
So, permanent Jesus was into permanent membership.
He was into the, this 12 are feminine 12.
I'm going with them, feminine.
Yes.
To the end.
So if you are here, God loves you and you are welcome to be in the church.
But I tell you, don't wait to be an elderly person before you know the importance of being feminine.
Yes.
You will be surprised that when your father is dying, he will refer you to somebody.
It will refer you to somebody that person will help you.
So, permanent relationships and permanent friendships are very important.
John 13, let's look at this one.
It says, now before the feast of the Passover, when Jesus
When Jesus knew that he should depart out of this world, notice, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them to the end.
You see, when he's loving you, it's permanent.
When he loves you, when he loves you, it is permanent.
He loves you to the end.
Many people don't love to the end.
You either has a song, promise me, promise me that what?
That you'll never change.
Promise me that you greets me with a great big smile.
Many people don't smile when it's when it's here.
Like the one you gave me today when I walked in.
Promise me that I used to come.
I used to get up.
F-I-A!
F-
You live in the screen.
If I ever want somebody to even see you that you've come, you might as well call the person on WhatsApp video so that the person sees you.
I'm here, hello, hello, hello.
Promise me that you'll always say how much you love me.
Promise me that you'll give me a great big hug like the one you give me today.
I love the way you swung your arms around my neck.
So promise me that you lean on me like you did today.
You lean on me.
When was the last time you experienced leaning?
Leaning.
You see, the greater love people, they are just looking at me after they don't understand.
You are here, I'm here.
How many brothers want to experience on Lini?
Only those in the front, those at the back, I think they can't hear, maybe they can't hear.
Can you hear at the back?
Oh, there's animals for it then.
He loved them.
to the end.
Amazing.
Promise me!
Promise me that you'll always have this sweet and soft voice.
Promise me that you'll always be gentle towards me.
Soft one.
Hello.
Yes.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Promise me!
How many brothers want to some voice?
Promise me that you touch me on my chest one day.
Finally promise me that one day you give me a big long kiss like in the movies.
So I sang the song to my beloved.
Because she looked so nice and so sweet.
Oh, she looked so gentle and so kind.
I wanted her to promise me that she'd never change.
Wow.
Now, if you don't like such things, I suggest you go to another church because here is a love church.
It's a first love church.
Those are the back who are, are you with us?
Amen.
So, permanence, I love this scripture.
Jesus loved his own.
He loved them to the end, not for the first three months or the first five years.
They love them to the end.
Wow, isn't that fantastic?
How many want to be like Jesus?
That's how we see that song.
I wanna be more like Jesus.
I wanna be, I wanna love to the end.
You work through.
I wanna be more like Jesus Jesus I wanna be more like Jesus I wanna be more like Jesus I wanna be more like Jesus I wanna be more like Jesus I wanna be a vessel
I'm just gonna say, I wanna be like Jesus.
I want to give you seven reasons why you must be feminine.
Number one, because you are part of a family.
Ephesians three verse 15.
Peminence is because you are a part of a family.
Amen.
Ephesians chapter three verse 14 and 15.
For this cause I bow my knees to the Father
of our Lord Jesus Christ, all right, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named.
All right?
And verse 16, that he would grant unto you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by a spirit in the inner man.
Now, verse 15 says,
of whom the whole family in heaven and in earth is named.
So we are a family and God describes us as a family.
Now a family is a permanent belonging, whether you like it or not.
Families have problems.
How many have problems in your family?
I want to know any family which has problems.
Can you raise your right hand?
Just raise your right hand if your family has problems.
Have you left your family?
No.
OK, put your hand down.
I'm going to ask you a second question.
How many have families which have serious problems?
The first one was problems.
I'm talking about serious problems.
Raise your hand.
Serious problems.
I'm going to see if any family here has serious problems.
OK. Have you left your family with serious problems?
Now, let us go to point number three.
How many have families with some very serious problems, not serious, but very serious?
Raise your hand.
Have you left your family?
You're selling your family.
Now, that is how you must see the church.
Problems, there are some of you, you go to the toilet and it is locked.
And you say you are leaving the church.
Should I insult you?
Your face.
One person came to the church was a shed from here.
After which he was asked to move here.
After he was asked to move here, he said, that's it.
I'm leaving the church.
This is not even a problem.
We haven't reached the level of problems.
Then we talk about problems.
Then we talk about serious problems, serious issues.
Then we talk about very serious issues.
You still don't live.
Have you ever seen any of my family members in this church?
You think my family is a big family?
My biological family.
It's a big family.
It's a big aircraft family.
Yes, not a small family at all.
Of many, many types of people.
Have you ever seen any of them here?
Or any of them saying anything for me?
Or doing anything for me?
But I still can't change my name.
Because I am me.
And my family is my family.
Yes?
I have seen my wife's family in the church.
My wife's family are all over.
We have pastors, we have bishops, pastors, different things.
Her family, yes.
My family, no.
What do you think?
My family is not from a crowd.
My family are crap people.
I'm in my home base.
You can hardly find even an usher called, he would mill.
Or a bacenta or anything.
But I'm still in the church.
I'm still in the family.
Yes.
Now, how many have families with like serious problems?
Raise your hands.
Serious.
Are you not still in the family?
Why in the family?
Why are you away?
Yeah, that's how it changes.
It changes the family.
And you, when I say serals problem, you may not know the type levels or serals problem that exist in a church.
Yes.
And that tend to exist as the years go by.
But your permanence is also your wisdom.
Yes.
Your family may fight up to the level of blows.
One time my ethnic biological family were fighting legally.
This side versus this side.
And we were in court, and we were children.
When you see an uncle whose suspects you are from this side, and they know which side you are from, they have a certain attitude.
When you say an anti who thinks you are from this side, you have a such an attitude.
Yes, that's we are in the family.
What do you think?
So whatever serious problem they may be, once you start to see the church as your family, you start to develop a spirit of permanence.
And you start to say, you know what?
this is where I belong.
Now let me tell you, permanence is not a natural thing.
You see, what you don't realize is that it's more natural to be disloyal.
It's more natural to be unfaithful.
Unfaithfulness is normal.
The politicians do think they are faithful to themselves, even to themselves.
I mean, a party that can have 16 presidential candidates and you win the election.
Do you think they all support you fully?
after you've won the thing, everybody wants to be president and you happen to have won.
And they are all saying to themselves, I can do it better than you.
And I'm watching you.
No.
It's more normal to be some way, to criticize, to be the lawyer.
But God is teaching you to be fit.
And you can't easily stay in something that you're always talking about.
Negativity.
Yeah.
So learn to see the church as your family.
Now, some of you, you are too biological.
That's one of the reasons why you are not able to flow in the church as a family because your biological roots really
are strong to you.
So it's like that is really your family.
So you are not able to buy into the church family.
I don't know if you understand what I'm saying.
Yes.
You feel more of an airway than a Christian.
I'm not afraid of saying things.
So you people, those of you who think that you may feel more of an airway than a Christian.
Or you may feel more of a Nigerian or a Ganyan than a Christian.
Yes.
That's why if a Christian stands for elections, if I stood for elections, Ghana is 75% Christian.
They will not vote for me.
They will not vote for me because Christian is not so much in their hat as their family.
If I was to come as maybe an Asante or a Ganyan, and we, those of us who have cast, we are very few.
So my tribe would be a very small tribe.
And my tribe our votes would be very small.
When Kavananda Kune Christian, whatever I stood up to stand for elections, nobody voted for him.
But the Christianity is not seen as really the real family.
You don't like my preaching, you see?
It's my preaching somewhere.
But I have grown to see the church as my family.
Yes.
And when my father died, when my father died, even the person who was sitting by my side is Bishop Saki.
And the next person was Bishop Eddie.
And that was my family.
Yes.
That's a family that you have.
Over the years, you find out that even your so-called biological family may not see that much.
In fact, you may not see them at critical moments.
Amen?
Are you there while you are living?
You know, one time, people came to see Jesus.
Your mother is looking for you.
Your mother and your brothers.
He said, who is my mother?
Who is my mother?
Who's my father?
Who's my brother?
Who's my sister?
And he said, the one who obeys the word of God, keeps the word of God.
That is my brother.
That is my sister.
That is my mother.
Amazing.
So don't say yourself as a kumbullis.
Is there some of you that kumbullis is deep or deep to flow?
Yeah, two convalese.
Tell the person next to you, the preaching applies to you.
It applies to you.
Stop acting as if you don't understand the preaching.
Some of you, if you are not a shanty, and you don't speak tea, you must speak tea and flow in the tree.
Yes.
They will never flow with you.
Or yeah, or yeah, whatever, you can create me.
What do you think?
Yes.
So that's why if many pastors are deceived into standing for election, their grandstands are votes for me, votes for me, I will transform the nation.
And people say, it's a stupid man.
We have seen our tree brother here.
We are going to vote for him if you vote for him.
The first university was in where which town is it from?
Free.
That is why there are people who have names like Jefferson from us.
William.
But when they are standing for election, they change it to Kwame, or say something, or say something.
I don't notice it.
You said the first half, but this guy, this guy, this guy, where we see ourselves, he has brought a deep, deep, deep name.
Or say, he keep something, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, something.
Because they know that the key name is higher.
Yes.
No, no.
True or not true?
Because that path is deeper than the Christian family.
So when I teach that your church is a family, it is a new idea to many of us.
And it takes time to believe, because you are not deep into the church.
If you are deep into the church, you will find over time that the church is a family.
And a church is something is a family worth staying to and belonging to.
You find out with time.
So I want everybody to renew your mind.
Thank God for your tribe, eh?
All right, my name is John.
Don't go for your tribe.
Tango for the guns.
Tango for the trees and the fancies.
You know, one day I sent somebody to do some negotiation.
And I found out that the person was a fanty.
And I found out one of the negotiators was a Christian.
and one was a Fanti.
Huh?
Negotiational.
One is a Fanti and one is a Christian.
I put the Christian aside and played the Fanti card.
It worked like magic.
24th day.
It was working.
The Christian one, I put it aside, but the Christian one, it didn't work.
It was a funny card I played, suddenly it was like magic.
It's amazing.
And you see a brother, you see a friend.
And do jobs.
And do no one.
Be black, blah, blah, blah.
That's the crystal ball.
I didn't want quata, even if you don't speak the language, but you are even, your blood is in, ah, that my brother.
Wow.
Let Christianity be a, one of my wife was on a flight, on a plane whose name starts with E. There are many planes whose name starts with E, please.
I bet you, eh, please.
And she was wearing, she was wearing a cross.
She was ready.
When she got to the airport of this nation, whose name begins with an E, and the airplane also name begins with an E, the man came to say, across here, you are a Christian.
It was like, it meant a lot to see the cross.
That's how it should be.
The one you say, you are a believer?
You are a believer?
No, you are a king.
You are a fountain.
You are Nigeria.
Ah!
Tell somebody I found a new family today.
I said, say I found a new family today.